by Bill McKibben I live about four Heike
miles from the long trail America's
oldest long-distance hiking path if I
walk out the door and down an abandoned
service road and then up a foot trail I
find myself on the spine of the Green
Mountains I find myself on a corridor
where dozens of people a day hundreds on
a hot summer day wander by most are day
trippers but a grizzled and hearty few
are going all the way and it's those to
whom I'm most drunk that's because
they've learned the secret of long
distance hikes which is that in a
connected digital busy world there's
still a way to actually leave the buzz
behind for a while the mere existence of
one of these lines on a map have given
them permission to dream and then to act
to head off with relative safety into
the woods and just keep going after a
few days the chatter of the world starts
to drop away your world becomes this
narrow corridor if you're really lucky
the nonstop CNN of your brain the hopes
fears the plans the to-do lists
starts to drop away and you can actually
be where you are a long hiking trail is
kind of meditation the knot in Rose has
been in gore-tex over the years I've had
the great fortune to hike portions of
many of these trails the Appalachian
Trail over the Bigelow's of Maine or
through the Sterling Forest on the New
York New Jersey border the many people
we owe a debt for these trails Benton
MacKaye the father of the Appalachian
Trail above all thought on a large scale
they saw connections they sense the
possibility both a community and a
distance thank heaven and John ware for
their vision
and thanks for the vision they've
inspired in all of us who get to follow
in their literal footsteps